### Execution Policy Management :balance_scale:
Control script execution for security and flexibility. Adjust policies to allow or restrict script running.

Choose from options like Restricted or Unrestricted. Manage policies at different levels for system-wide or specific user needs.
#### Restricted Execution Policy
By default, restricts script execution to maintain system security.
```powershell
Set-ExecutionPolicy Restricted
```
<hr>

#### Unrestricted Execution Policy
Provides unrestricted script execution, allowing the use of all scripts without limitations.
```powershell
Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted
```
<hr>

#### Restricted vs Unrestricted Execution Policies
Imagine you're a parent (PowerShell) managing your child's (script) playtime with two different rules:

**Restricted Policy**  
You allow only toys deemed safe for play, ensuring no harm comes to your child.

**Unrestricted Policy**  
You let your child play with any toy they desire, but you must watch closely to prevent accidents or misuse.

In both cases, the goal is to balance fun and safety, but with different levels of freedom and supervision.

##### In Conclusion
**Restricted Execution Policy**  
Allows running only approved, safe scripts.

**Unrestricted Execution Policy**  
Permits running any script, including potentially risky ones.
<hr>

### Why Developers Using Unrestricted Policy?
Developers opt for the "Unrestricted" policy in PowerShell because they require extensive freedom to execute diverse scripts without constraints.

They may need this flexibility due to involvement in various projects and experimentation with different scripts from diverse sources.

Setting PowerShell to "Unrestricted" facilitates seamless testing and execution of scripts, although developers must remain vigilant to ensure the scripts are safe and trustworthy.

Failure to exercise caution may inadvertently lead to system issues or vulnerabilities.